In this lecture, we explored the Maven Sure Fire plugin.
So what is the sure fire plug in?
It is a plug in that we can add into our pom file.
Maven's.
Sure fire plug in allows us to run tests via the command line.
This is important for when we want to run tests.
They're a continuous integration system, and an example of a continuous integration system is Jenkins
CIA.
And this is something I cover in detail later in this course.
The plugin also allows us to be selective in what tests are run.
For example, we can specify which tests or tests to execute.
By adopting something called maven profiling.
The sure fire plugin should come pre-installed in your pubmed file.
It can be found inside the plug in tanks.
If it's not pre-installed, then you can simply download it from the Maven website and the screenshot
below shows an example of the Maven Sure Fire plugin installed in my home file and you can see that
it sits within plugin tags.
So let's try it out.
So on my screen I have the Maven project open and the first thing I'm going to do is double click the
pull maximum file to show you the sure fire plug in.
So if I scroll down, you'll see that there is a plugin management tag and then there's plug ins and
there is a number of plug ins listed within the plug ins.
Thanks.
So if I scroll down, you'll see that the maven sure.
Fire plug in is listed here and it's inside plugging tanks.
So I am going to come back to this because I'm going to add some configuration.
But before I do that, I am first going to create a new class by simply copying and paste in the class
in the last lecture.
And I'm going to call this new 180747.
And I'm going to give it a name of.
Sure fire.
And then click.
Okay.
I'm then going to open up that class.
And the only difference I'm going to make is use an that test annotation and I would need to import
that from test then G.
So all this is doing is employing this method is a test.
So I'm going to save that class and then I'm going to close it.
The next thing I'm going to demonstrate is the use of run in the tests through command line.
So I am going to open up command prompt.
And what I need to do is move into the directory of where this project resides.
So if I open up file explorer.
If I go to my desktop, I'm going to click on the resources folder and there will be a workspace folder.
This is where all our Eclipse projects are listed.
And inside that you'll see that there is a Maven project, which is the current project I'm working
on.
So if I double click that and then copy this directory.
In command prompt, I'm simply going to use C, D, which is a command change directory and paste that
path.
And if I click enter, you'll see that I'm now moved into that directory.
So the maven.
Come on, I'm going to use his NBN test and if I click enter.
You should see it generate in some output.
And you can see that as a build success.
But there's no tests that have run.
And the reason for that is because I need to add some configuration.
So I'm going to go back to the clips and I am going to open up my POM XML file.
And if I find the sure fire plugin tax which is here, I'm going to add some configuration.
So the first thing I'm going to do is use an open intake and I'm going to write configuration.
And you can see Eclipse has come up with the suggestion.
Then I'm going to expand those sites to make some room in the middle.
And I'm going to use another take.
And this tag is sweet.
SML files.
So this is going to be the name of my test energy example file.
So I am going to leave this for now, and now I'm going to generate one.
So I'm going to right click on that class, go to test then G.
And select convert to test then g.
And you've seen this before.
So all I'm doing is generating a test X email file.
So I'm going to click next and I'm going to click Finish and you'll see that test engine sample is now
listed here.
So if I double click it, you'll see that there's class tags and there's a class here listed.
And this class points to the class that I've just created.
So I'm going to closer and back in my pull maximal file inside the suite SML files.
Thanks.
I'm now going to write test energy dot example.
So this now points to this file.
So when I run, I may even test fruit.
Come online.
I would expect the Maven sure.
Fire plugin will now look for this particular file that I've defined in the POM file.
And in that we run this file, which should then run the Sure Fire Java class.
So I'm going to save this poem for now.
And I'm going to go back to come on line.
And here I'm going to use the exact same command Ambien test and if I click enter.
Let's see what happens.
And you can see that this when one test was run.
And it was a big success.
So what this means is that Maven ran this class and was able to do that using command online by using
the Sure Fire plugin.
And the Sure Fire plugin has configuration 2.2 this test engine XML file.
So I hope this made you understand why we use a sure fire plugin.
And this is going to be important to know when we reach the Jenkins lectures.
Thank you for watching.